# CTags TextMate Bundle

## About

This bundle aims to be a flexible way to use the popular [Exuberant CTags][ctags] system from within TextMate.

I started creating it after finding the current offerings didn't quite meet my requirements, such as:

* Allowing easy definition of the project's root directory.
* Support for additional tag files (i.e. for included libraries).
* Speed.
* Other things that I'm sure will come back to me.

## Installation

* Download the latest release from the [GitHub downloads][github_downloads] page.
* Uncompress the file (Safari will do this for you by default).
* Double-click the resulting file.
* Set up your project's [Environment Variables][environment_vars].

## Usage

Press Ctrl-] to attempt to look up a tag. If there's only one match, that file will be opened automatically.

Press Ctrl-Alt-] to update your current project's tags file.

## <a name="environment_vars">Environment Variables</a>

There are a number of environment variables you *must* specify in your project, all prefixed with CT_ (for CTags):

* CT\_PROJECT\_ROOT - The root directory of your project.
* CT\_PROJECT\_INCLUDE - Root directories of other projects to search additional tag files from, separated by colons.

There are also optional variables you *may* set:

* CT\_USE\_CACHE - Allow use of the cache to speed up tag searches. Valid values: '1' for on, '0' for off. Default: '1'.

[ctags]: http://ctags.sourceforge.net/
[github_downloads]: https://github.com/Drarok/CTags-TextMate-Bundle/downloads
[environment_vars]: #environment_vars